cloud: add time zone description (#12049)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/manage-user-access.md

### Set the time zone for your organization

By default, the TiDB Cloud console displays time according to the time zone of your browser. If you are an organization owner, you can modify the time zone setting.

> To change the local timezone setting, take the following steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To change the time zone setting, take the following steps:
```
